well we are here in another test
speed and good because this time is a
unusual test since good we're going to
face two vehicles a little
different because they are two vehicles of
different categories and well then this
Once he accompanies me to see what happens in vais a
see, let's go there
we have here the cow the cow
tiger there yellow and black etc and good
so let's compare it against this
against this car that is the ampa date
helmet that is a new car that is
unlocks making robberies to banks
which is a classic sports car and
obviously the back is a super car
and you will say, my mother, is going to
win the cow for a beating
awesome because we are not going to see it
the truth is that the athletic ran
very much so good let's do it
ok or gay good to the three of you have
mother always but I'm ready come
let's see we are here the lines well
perfect 1/7 stick one
3 as salt and perfect
I'm hanging out
I mean, what do you have to do with this
lad and lukaku the hand is not a plane or
it is a free plane
It is fair to say that also the two cars
both attached to the maximum
butt that is not missing pieces
or nothing is all to the maximum but is that
it is exaggerated the best is that they are
sports mother of mine asking
After that, we are going to make one
skidding like this already in plan to finish
so cool
and afternoon
this this straight has a curve to
background this notice just in case
well now I throw the rest of weights
audio let's see the challenge to the end
ok let's go to those who call a little
of wheel here so pipe to the three
we released the area law 123
a saline one thousandth before you
but it's the same
my mother a second line
no no no no flip sign of peace not of
peace are not angular exaggerated
what madness that crazy madness scolding
and it is known that grabs more you know if not
no no
comes out with more strength is that it is
exaggeration the truth is that good the
car we could say that he runs a lot
a lot but a lot
apart from having a sound the truth is
that very cool also sounds
it's supposed to be an Italian car but
he has a sleepwalker there as if he were
American there the monkey is a car this
It's American and well the truth is that it has
been a ts that good I expected that
out to win the backup by quite
although good we wanted to try it
because we were running here to vélez
and today we are going to try it because it runs
quite and we have tried with elba that
obviously with translates environment one of
Obviously not not worth it
because we are doing there is color but
against this car that is a super but
of the ones a little lower to say it
somehow the truth is that it runs
practically the same and it is also that
over the second when I have the
second pass and then already when to have
thrown a lot or in a long march
makes another shot more you know or is it something
that is going very well so good guys
you know, I hope you liked it
this test if you want to propose masters
what do you want us to do
with other vehicles or for example with
this vehicle is the practices against
another so you say good this can
be equal because you can leave me
in the comments and nothing guys to
Like you already know like favorites
subscribe you leave if you are not and many
Thank you
you have your channel in the description
also for you to pass by if
You see little things of the tiger so I'm not leaving
with yours
Well, nothing, see you later